1.       Cloud Telephony (exotel) & CRM integration – Tracking of patient details in real time, click to call feature, call records, missed call data, call duration and remarks, primary /alternate mobile number mapping for patient details

2.       WhatsApp integration – for sharing appointment messages and other educational/campaign information

3.       Lead Management – Acquiring leads through various channels (online & offline means) on a single platform

4.       Data Filter Accessibility

5.       In built Follow up mechanisim –  (new/review, enquiry, missed, potential OPD/ surgical leads) to ease conversion with alerts feature (calender & time), tagging feature for agents

6.       Management of individual patient episodes & records

7.       Ticketing tool to share queries with respective departments- Mapping TAT to resolve queries, priority tags, escalation matrix & category marking, query management, ticket system etc.

8.       Process flow filters (Appointment processed, confirmed, converted IPD etc.)

9.       Patient feedback system –(various channels (google, facebook, Instagram,website, YouTube etc. on same dashboard with response feature)

10.   CRM integration with social media platforms- data driven marketing insights, sharing educational material via whatsapp, campaigns planning, identifying trends etc.

11.   Automated SMS/mail trigger system – Personalized text content; individual/bulk message feature-sending address & location, follow up texts/mail (unreachable/non responding patients) etc.

12.   Effective internal communication system –OPD & NNCC interactions

13.   Analytical dashboard & revenue monitoring -with real time reports and category filters to extract data

14.   Employee performance reports- real time agent specific, login logout details, calls taken, missed, appointments given etc.

15.   Feasibility of payment based appointments through website & refund process, website appointment integration, feedback management system & automated publish of responses (needs discussion internally)
